Fix: Add missing changelog entries for 3.4.3.1 and more (#6697)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

 [#7114](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7114)
* Vault references can be used in DB-less mode in declarative config. 
 [#7483](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7483)

> * Correctly invalidate caches based on names and IDs for Consumer Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Correctly invalidate caches based on names and IDs for consumer groups.
```

> * Eliminate asynchronous timer in syncQuery() to prevent hang risk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Eliminated the asynchronous timer in syncQuery() to prevent hang risk.
```

* Fixed critical level logs when starting external plugin servers. Those logs cannot be suppressed due to the limitation of OpenResty. We choose to remove the socket availibilty detection feature.

#### Admin API

* Fixed an issue where unique violation errors were reported while trying to update the user_token with the same value on the same RBAC user.

#### Kong Manager

* Fixed an issue where the Applications tab was not visible for services under non-default workspaces.

#### Clustering

> * Fixed an issue where the dataplane's log serializer output has workspace name under Hybrid mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the dataplane's log serializer output has a workspace name under hybrid mode.
```

> * Fixed an issue where the dataplane hostname is `nil` in Vitals under Hybrid mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the dataplane hostname is `nil` in Vitals under hybrid mode.
```

* **Plugin Server**: Fixed an issue where every request causes a new plugin instance to be created.

#### Plugins
* [**AWS Lambda**](/hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda) (`aws-lambda`):
  * Cached the AWS lambda service by those lambda service related fields. [#7079](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7079)

* [**Forward Proxy**](/hub/kong-inc/forward-proxy/) (`forward-proxy`):
  * Fixed the issue where request payload is being discarded when payload exceeded the `client_body_buffer_size`.

* [**JWE Decrypt**](/hub/kong-inc/jwe-decrypt/) (`jwe-decrypt`):
  * Fixed a typo in an error message.

* [**Mocking**](/hub/kong-inc/mocking/) (`mocking`):
  * Fixed an issue where path parameter cannot match non-ascii characters.

* [**OAS Validation**](/hub/kong-inc/oas-validation/) (`oas-validation`):
  * Fixed a bug where the plugin throws a runtime error when the ref parameter schema isn't dereferenced. [#7543](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7543)
  * Fixed an issue where valid recursive schemas are always rejected.
  * Fixed an issue that the plugin throws a runtime error while validating parameters with AnyType schema and style keyword defined.

>   * Fixed an issue that the nullable keyword did not take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue where the nullable keyword did not take effect.
```

>   * Fixed an issue that the URI component escaped characters were incorrectly unescaped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue where the URI component escaped characters were incorrectly unescaped.
```

  * Fixed an issue where path parameter cannot match non-ascii characters.

* [**OAuth 2.0 Introspection**](/hub/kong-inc/oauth2-introspection/) (`oauth2-introspection`):
  * Marked the `authorization_value` in the `oauth2-introspection` plugin as an encrypted field.

* [**OpenID Connect**](/hub/kong-inc/openid-connect/) (`openid-connect`):

>   * Fixed a bug when the Dev Portal is enabled with OIDC where a 500 error would be thrown when the administrator logins successfully and retrieves the session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed a issue where an 500 error is thrown when the Dev Portal is enabled with OIDC and the administrator logs in successfully and retrieves the session.
```

  * Fixed the update time when calculating token expiry.

* [**Rate Limiting**](/hub/kong-inc/rate-limiting/) (`rate-limiting`):

>   * Fixed an issuer where all counters are synced to the same DB at the same rate. [#7314](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7314)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue where all counters are synced to the same DB at the same rate. [#7314](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7314)
```
